proofreading section Profiling with MAP (#53)
nesi/perf-training: _lessons/python-scatter/01-profiling.md

## Profiling Python code with *cProfile*

The *cProfile* profiler is one implementation of the Python profiling interface. It measures the time spent within a function and the number of times 
the function is called.

**Note:** The timing information should not be taken as absolute values, since the profiling itself could extend the run time.

> Replace `python scatter.py` with 

Reviewer: I would more prefer to write: 
The command line options `-m cProfile -o output.pstats` call the *cProfile* library and writes output the profiling data into "output.pstat". Thus in the present case we call:

Author: Thanks. Added:
"Options `-m cProfile -o output.pstats` call the cProfile library and save the profiling data in file *output.pstat*."

## ARM MAP

> Another useful profiler provided on the NeSI system is [ARM MAP](https://www.arm.com/products/development-tools/server-and-hpc/forge/map) (previous Allinea MAP) profiler, which is part of the `forge` module (as well as the parallel debugger DDT). In contrast to cProfile, MAP is a commercial product, which can profile parallel, multi-threaded and single-threaded C/C++, Fortran and F90, as well as Python codes. More about ARM can be found [here](https://nesi.github.io/perf-training/python-scatter/profiling_MAP).

Reviewer 2: Links to other lessons should be relative links to the markdown file - it should get updated when deploying to github pages.

```suggestion
Another useful profiler provided on the NeSI system is [ARM MAP](https://www.arm.com/products/development-tools/server-and-hpc/forge/map) profiler, which is part of the `forge` module (along with a parallel debugger, DDT). In contrast to cProfile, MAP is a commercial product, which can profile parallel, multi-threaded and single-threaded C/C++, Fortran and F90, as well as Python codes. More about MAP can be found [here](06-profiling_with_MAP.md).
```
